Added callout that CM4 modules include WiFi. (#281)
luxonis/depthai-hardware: docs/source/pages/DM1097.rst

Based off of the :ref:`OAK-D-CM3 <bw1097>` and Raspberry PI CM4IO board, the OAK-D CM4 combines a host (RPi CM4) and the
:ref:`OAK-SoM` to allow for a fully standalone and integrated solution for real-time `Spatial AI <https://docs.luxonis.com/en/latest/pages/spatial-ai/>`__.

The biggest difference between OAK-D-CM4 and :ref:`OAK-D-CM3 <bw1097>` architecture is that OAK-D-CM4 integrates a CM4 module,

> has gigabit ethernet, and is populated with MagJack supporting PoE. PoE can be used with additional PoE Hat. CM4 modules also include WiFi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has gigabit ethernet, and is populated with MagJack supporting PoE. PoE can be used with additional PoE Hat. CM4 modules also have WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity.
```
